Add initial-value attribute to pl-string-input (#13494)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements/pl-string-input.md

| `ignore-case`             | boolean                 | false           | Whether to enforce case sensitivity (e.g. "hello" != "HELLO").                                                                                                            |
| `normalize-to-ascii`      | boolean                 | false           | Whether non-English characters (accents, non-latin alphabets, fancy quotes) should be normalized to equivalent English characters before submitting the file for grading. |
| `placeholder`             | string                  | —               | Hint displayed inside the input box describing the expected type of input.                                                                                                |

> | `prefill`                 | string                  | —               | Text prefilled in the input box when initially rendering the element. Will not appear after student submits an answer.                                             |

Reviewer: Personally, I'd prefer the name `initial-value` or `default-value`.

Also, minor suggested doc change:
```suggestion
| `initial-value`                 | string                  | —               | The initial text displayed in the input box. Only used when rendering the element for the first time.                                             |
```

Reviewer 2: I'm also in favour of a name like "initial-value". And I also prefer a positive phrasing of the description.

> | `initial-value`           | string                  | —               | Initial value is added to the text box the first time it is rendered.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 3: We also need an example in `exampleCourse/questions/element/stringInput/question.html`.

Reviewer 3: Done in [53578e3](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/13494/commits/53578e3417cbe264a74f0843b67ab8dd464d5e74)
